# V3 for the upcoming epoch

## deploy contracts

### RewardScheduleV3
1. before deploy, please set correct FATE_PER_BLOCK constant data

2. when deploy, you should add 3 params
- _epochStartBlock:           blocknumber when upcoming epoch starts
- _epochPeriodBlocks:         block numbers of epoch period (8 weeks)
- _lockedPercent:             percent that will be locked generated Fate per block

### FateRewardControllerV3
1. when deploy, you should add 5 params
- IERC20 _fate:               address of Fate token
- IRewardScheduleL:           address of the above newly deployed RewardScheduleV3 contract
- vault:                      address of vault
- IFateRewardController[]:    array of FateRewardControllers' address
- IMockLpTokenFactory:        address of MockLPTokenFatory

2. `setLockedRewardsData` function
you can set lockedRewardFees using this function with 2 params.
- array of blocks period
the period should be measured in blocks, not hours, seconds, etc.
- array of fee percents
the percent will be measured with 18 deimals.
so 1000000000000000000 is 100%

3. `setLPWithdrawData` function
you can set lpWithdrawFees using this function with 2 params.
these params are same with the above `setLockedRewardsData` function's params.

4. `setFatePoolIds` function
after `FateRewardControllerV3` is deployed, `owner` should set Fate Pool IDs using this function with 2 parms
- array of pool IDs
- array of status (true or false) of the pool's
so if pools with PoolID of 0, 1, 3, 5 are pools with Fate tokens, you can set them like this. `setFatePoolIds([0,1,3,5], [true, true, true, true])`

5. `setExcludedAddresses` function
this function is going to set some address that fees do not work.
the params are similar to the above `setFatePoolIds` function.
so if 0xA, 0xB, 0xC address are the things that fees should do not work, then you can call this function like this `setExcludedAddresses([0xA, 0xB, 0xC], [true, true, true])`